Added `About Abandoned Pull Request` Section (#67)
pulsar-edit/.github: CONTRIBUTING.md

### CoffeeScript Styleguide

> * Its also important to note that CoffeeScript is depreciated, while the codebase is decaffeinated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It's also important to note that CoffeeScript is deprecated, while the codebase is decaffeinated.
```

Just noticed this, small grammatical fix.
